All right so this was a interesting one.
I just did this on fights and this is from a company called a sauna and it's just one of the company's
challenges.
Now they give you.
They classify this as a medium difficulty and they expect you to solve it in 15 minutes.
I did it in about six minutes 15 seconds to be exact.
That includes you actually reading through this very large prompt as well.
So what I did here are what the objective is here is that we are essentially trying to organize tasks.
You have these wonderful infographics with some examples to give you an idea but basically your tasks
are go in three different things.
There is a array.
The first values today second values upcoming.
And the third value is later.
So today counts for any values any any days that have passed.
So we're taking it day as well so any day here we were saying hey you know any values that are on that
day or earlier are going to be classified as today any values that are within a week of the day are
going to be classified as as upcoming and any values after a week are going to be classified as later
and we need to return answers like that.
I don't really have any hints for you.
This is a sort of logic problem here really at the end of the day.
Just go ahead and get started.
So the first thing that stood out to me is that this was an excellent example of of why we have Ray
destructuring and what I mean by that is we're returning a today upcoming And later a value in an array.
And so I start out by creating that array we have today a upcoming and a later value here we're just
going to initialize this joint array with a bunch of 0 because we don't know what's in there yet.
But now we can target each one of these index spots and it makes our code a lot more readable than saying
you know making this you know tasks tasks and then tasks that protests one task to right in terms of
their Soumik our code a lot more readable.
Now we're going to iterate through each of the deadlines so assert are two deadlines for each and we're
just going to say deadline right and do the arrow function here and now.
At the end here what we want to return is an array with today with upcoming and with later in there
that's what we want to return here.
Now we're using this as a lead because we're going to be incrementing these values in just a second.
So how can we go about solving the swap if you understood the rubric.
This is basically an if else if else sort of situation where we can just say hey if the deadline for
the current value that we're checking the index is less than or equal to the day that's being passed
then go ahead and increment that by Once we're going to do it today.
Plus plus else if our deadline is within a week of our day.
So if deadline is greater than or equal to day plus 1 or is deadline or excuse me and deadline is less
than or equal to day plus 7
we go ahead and say upcoming plus plus.
Now if deadline or else rather else meaning that it's pay the deadline isn't before it's not upcoming
So it must be later we can go and just say later.
Plus plus.
And that's pretty much it at the end of the day we're just need to understand that we're modifying these
index values for other items and then by reading through the tax we understand that what defines a deadline
is today what defines an upcoming deadline and what defines a her deadline.
And I I really like this because I haven't really had a chance to use array destructuring I use object
to structure and quite a bit.
But this really stood out to me and is a great example as to why you might do something like that.